DOC: Only link to overall Zenodo DOI. (#17491)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/citing.rst

DOIs
----

The following DOI represents *all* Matplotlib versions. Please select a more

> specific DOI from the link, referring to the version used for your publication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specific DOI from the list below, referring to the version used for your publication.
```
Or do we need this general section at all?
